:sparkling: dockerise mse cloud (#31)
Cosmian/mse-cli: README.md

             mse home verify --package package_example_1688025211482089576.tar \
                             --evidence evidence.json \
                             --output .
$ # Seal the secrets
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             mse home seal --secrets example/secrets_to_seal.json \
                           --cert ratls.pem \
                           --output  .
$ # Complete the configuration
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
            --network=host \
            mse home run --sealed-secrets secrets_to_seal.json.sealed test_docker
$ # Query it
$ curl https://localhost:7779 --cacert /mnt/workspace/ratls.pem 
$ # Test it
$ docker run -v /mnt/workspace:/mnt/workspace \
             -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             --network=host \
             mse home test --test example/tests \
                           --config mse.toml test_docker
$ # Remove it
$ docker run -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
             mse home stop --remove test_docker
```

## Use case

> Let's assume your microservice have to interface with a frontend. The main issue you will face up is that the ratls certificate is not allowed in your web browser. Mainly because it's a self signed cert. Also the ratls extension is not checked by your webbrowser, yet any query to the webservice must verify the ratls extension of the certificate: the security is based on this verification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume your microservice have to interface with a frontend. The main issue you will face up is that the RA-TLS certificate is not allowed in your web browser, mainly because it's a self signed cert. Also the RA-TLS extension is not checked by your webbrowser, yet any query to the webservice must verify the RA-TLS extension of the certificate: the security is based on this verification. 
```
